<h1>Required Module :<h1>

socket : Sockets allow you to exchange information between processes on the same machine or across a network, distribute work to the most efficient machine, and they easily allow access to centralized data. Socket application program interfaces (APIs) are the network standard for TCP/IP.
tweepy : Tweepy is open-sourced, hosted on GitHub and enables Python to communicate with Twitter platform and use its API.
json : JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) is a standardized format commonly used to transfer data as text that can be sent over a network. JSON represents objects as name/value pairs, just like a Python dictionary.
asyncio : asyncio is a library to write concurrent code using the async/await syntax. asyncio is used as a foundation for multiple Python asynchronous frameworks that provide high-performance network and web-servers, database connection libraries, distributed task queues, etc
azure-eventhub : Azure Event Hubs is a highly scalable publish-subscribe service that can ingest millions of events per second and stream them to multiple consumers. This lets you process and analyze the massive amounts of data produced by your connected devices and applications. Once Event Hubs has collected the data, you can retrieve, transform, and store it by using any real-time analytics provider or with batching/storage adapters.
ntlk : NLTK is a leading platform for building Python programs to work with human language data. It provides easy-to-use interfaces to over 50 corpora and lexical resources such as WordNet, along with a suite of text processing libraries for classification, tokenization, stemming, tagging, parsing, and semantic reasoning, wrappers for industrial-strength NLP libraries, and an active discussion forum.
textblob : TextBlob is a Python (2 and 3) library for processing textual data. It provides a simple API for diving into common natural language processing (NLP) tasks such as part-of-speech tagging, noun phrase extraction, sentiment analysis, classification, translation, and more.
